v1.1: Metrics (#2222)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/experimental/metrics.md

# Metrics

The `/metrics` endpoint exposes data compatible with [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/). You can monitor this endpoint to gain valuable insight into Meilisearch's behavior and performance. This information can then be used to optimize an application's performance, troubleshoot issues, or improve the overall reliability of a system.

[Visit the GitHub discussion to learn how to use this feature](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/625).

Are you using this feature? Meilisearch wants to hear from you! Drop us a few lines telling about your experience in the [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/625). All feedback is useful and helps make Meilisearch better and easier-to-use.

::: warning

> `/metrics` is an experimental feature. Experimental features are unstable and might be incompatible between releases. Meilisearch does not guarantee an experimental feature will become stable.

Reviewer: It's a detail, you can disagree, but I would like to make this more precise regarding the "unstable" word. It's unstable regarding the usage, not unstable because buggy. I don't want to afraid the users 😊 
When I read the sentence "Experimental features are unstable and might be incompatible between releases" -> I understand "this is buggy" AND "this can be incompatible btw releases". The truth is "it's unstable BECAUSE might be incompatible btw releases"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/metrics` is an experimental feature. Experimental features are unstable because might be incompatible between releases.
Also, Meilisearch does not guarantee an experimental feature will become stable.
```

Reviewer: My changes are maybe not the right one, but the points are
- clarify the "unstable" word
- separate both points, since these are 2 distinct ideas. I don't want the user to miss the second point.

Author: Got it, will fix this and request a new review in a bit

# Metrics

The `/metrics` endpoint exposes data compatible with [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/). You can monitor this endpoint to gain valuable insight into Meilisearch's behavior and performance. This information can then be used to optimize an application's performance, troubleshoot issues, or improve the overall reliability of a system.

[Visit the GitHub discussion to learn how to use this feature](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/625).

Are you using this feature? Meilisearch wants to hear from you! Tell us about your experience in the [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/625). All feedback is useful and helps make Meilisearch better and easier-to-use.

> ::: warning

Reviewer 2: Instead of a warning, should we add `learn/experimental/overview.md`? We could [reuse this one](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/pull/1514/files#diff-79a9d3ff91ffc3a2929e7906f4607d012227afe7c6d48ba419d812284d203423)

Author: Don't you think it's better to have all information in one place? Especially since we only have one experimental feature right now.

Rereading that page I also get the feeling it's a bit too long 🤔

Reviewer 2: We can go with all information on one page

`/metrics` is an experimental feature. Experimental features are unstable: their API might significantly change and become incompatible between releases. Meilisearch does not recommend using experimental features in a production environment.

> An experimental feature may be removed in a future release. Meilisearch does not guarantee experimental features will become stable.

Reviewer: Sorry gui, I've just thought about this: could we try to make the sentence more "positive"? I mean, the goal of this experimental feature is to make it stable one day, but we cannot guarantee it.
(if people wants a date, I'm confident they will ask on the product discussion)

Author: Would something like this work better, in your opinion?

```suggestion
Meilisearch makes experimental features available with the expectation they will become stable in future releases. However, it is not possible to guarantee when and if this will happen.
```

Reviewer: Perfecto 👌
